ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Genre.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Genre
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/MovieServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.MovieServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Movie.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Movie
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/CatalogServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.CatalogServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/MovieService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.MovieService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/CatalogRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.CatalogRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Cinema.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Cinema
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/TicketServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.TicketServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/CinemaRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.CinemaRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Ticket.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Ticket
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/GenreRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.GenreRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/TicketService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.TicketService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/CinemaService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.CinemaService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/CatalogService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.CatalogService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/CinemaServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.CinemaServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/MovieRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.MovieRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/config/CacheConfig.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.config.CacheConfig
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.config.CacheConfig$CustomRemovalListener
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/TicketRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.TicketRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Catalog.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Catalog
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/GenreService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.GenreService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/GenreServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.GenreServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/config/JPAConfig.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.config.JPAConfig
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/BaseEntity.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.BaseEntity
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/MyCatalogRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.MyCatalogRepository
