domain/validators/MovieValidator.java
 domain.validators.MovieValidator
domain/Movie.java
 domain.Movie
domain/Ticket.java
 domain.Ticket
domain/validators/Validator.java
 domain.validators.Validator
service/ServiceTicket.java
 service.ServiceTicket
domain/Genre.java
 domain.Genre
repository/InMemoryRepositoryGenre.java
 repository.InMemoryRepositoryGenre
repository/InMemoryRepositoryTicket.java
 repository.InMemoryRepositoryTicket
domain/Catalog.java
 domain.Catalog
domain/validators/MovieException.java
 domain.validators.MovieException
repository/Repository.java
 repository.Repository
domain/validators/CatalogValidator.java
 domain.validators.CatalogValidator
repository/InMemoryRepositoryCatalog.java
 repository.InMemoryRepositoryCatalog
domain/validators/ValidatorException.java
 domain.validators.ValidatorException
domain/BaseEntity.java
 domain.BaseEntity
domain/Cinema.java
 domain.Cinema
repository/InMemoryRepositoryMovie.java
 repository.InMemoryRepositoryMovie
domain/validators/GenreValidator.java
 domain.validators.GenreValidator
domain/validators/CinemaValidator.java
 domain.validators.CinemaValidator
domain/validators/TicketValidator.java
 domain.validators.TicketValidator
service/ServiceCatalog.java
 service.ServiceCatalog
service/ServiceGenre.java
 service.ServiceGenre
repository/InMemoryRepositoryCinema.java
 repository.InMemoryRepositoryCinema
service/ServiceCinema.java
 service.ServiceCinema
repository/db/DBRepositoryGenre.java
 repository.db.DBRepositoryGenre
repository/db/DBRepositoryTicket.java
 repository.db.DBRepositoryTicket
repository/file/FileRepositoryGenre.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryGenre
repository/file/FileRepositoryMovie.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryMovie
repository/db/DBRepositoryMovie.java
 repository.db.DBRepositoryMovie
repository/file/FileRepositoryCinema.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryCinema
Main.java
 Main
service/ServiceMovie.java
 service.ServiceMovie
repository/file/FileRepositoryTicket.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryTicket
ui/UI.java
 ui.UI
repository/file/FileRepositoryCatalog.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryCatalog
repository/db/DBRepositoryCatalog.java
 repository.db.DBRepositoryCatalog
repository/db/DBRepositoryCinema.java
 repository.db.DBRepositoryCinema
