ro/ubb/springjpa/config/JPAConfig.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.config.JPAConfig
ro/ubb/springjpa/model/Movie.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.model.Movie
ro/ubb/springjpa/model/BaseEntity.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.model.BaseEntity
ro/ubb/springjpa/config/GeneralConfig.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.config.GeneralConfig
ro/ubb/springjpa/repository/MovieRepository.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.repository.MovieRepository
ro/ubb/springjpa/repository/GeneralRepository.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.repository.GeneralRepository
ro/ubb/springjpa/repository/GenreRepository.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.repository.GenreRepository
ro/ubb/springjpa/config/AppLocalConfig.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.config.AppLocalConfig
ro/ubb/springjpa/model/Genre.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.model.Genre
ro/ubb/springjpa/repository/CinemaRepository.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.repository.CinemaRepository
ro/ubb/springjpa/model/Ticket.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.model.Ticket
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/TicketService.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.TicketService
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/GenreService.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.GenreService
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/CatalogServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.CatalogServiceImpl
ro/ubb/springjpa/model/Catalog.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.model.Catalog
ro/ubb/springjpa/repository/CatalogRepository.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.repository.CatalogRepository
ro/ubb/springjpa/model/Cinema.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.model.Cinema
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/CinemaServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.CinemaServiceImpl
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/CatalogService.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.CatalogService
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/CinemaService.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.CinemaService
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/GenreServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.GenreServiceImpl
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/TicketServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.TicketServiceImpl
ro/ubb/springjpa/repository/TicketRepository.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.repository.TicketRepository
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/MovieServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.MovieServiceImpl
ro/ubb/springjpa/service/MovieService.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.service.MovieService
ro/ubb/springjpa/Main.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.Main
ro/ubb/springjpa/ui/Console.java
 ro.ubb.springjpa.ui.Console
